Docs (#58)
dexe-network/investment-contracts: docs/Developers/DAO/SmartContracts/GovPools/Creating.md

# 🏗️ Creating

> DAO Pool is deploying using ***`deployGovPool()`*** function on `PoolFactory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DAO Pool is deployed via ***`deployGovPool()`*** function on `PoolFactory`.
```
